h1. groupthink.

It's a resource management system for groups. Documents are like private wiki items in the sense that they support Textile, have history, and you can run diffs on them.

I'm currently reworking groupthink to be a rails3 app running on top of DataMapper/jQuery. Luckily, not too much needs to be done. Stay tuned.

h2. file uploading with dm-paperclip

works. There's a potential "bug":http://merb.lighthouseapp.com/projects/7433-merb/tickets/1025 in testing this, and I haven't added validations yet, but that's what happens when we're just getting off the ground. Files are called "artifacts", couldn't really think of a better name.

h2. categorize your documents/files

a "category" layer is in between docs and groups now. Eventually you'll be able to say that a particular category is visible/invisible to non-group members. I'll probably replace categories with tags, and certain tags will be visible/invisible. Who knows what the future brings.


*USAGE*
At the moment, the "groupthink":http://github.com/carpeliam/groupthink app functions more as a Merb app proof of concept than a fully functioning web application. It's important to note that best practices for Merb haven't congealed yet. That being said, I'll try to keep "groupthink":http://github.com/carpeliam/groupthink up to date with those practices as they form. If there's an area where "groupthink":http://github.com/carpeliam/groupthink is using an inferior practice or anti-pattern, please let me know.

Because of its dependencies and existing model structure, "groupthink":http://github.com/carpeliam/groupthink is not a good example of a base package. If you're looking for a basic starter application, see dkubb's "merb-skeleton":http://github.com/dkubb/merb-skeleton.

More to come, check the TODO.
